c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.Form1.resources
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.Resources.resources
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.exe.config
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\DatabasePenjualan.accdb
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.exe
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.pdb
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.xml
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.exe
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.xml
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.pdb
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.MainMenu.resources
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.exe.manifest
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\bin\Debug\FormPenjualan.application
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.exe.manifest
c:\users\faruq\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.application
C:\Users\faruq\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.MasterDataPenjualan.resources
C:\Users\faruq\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\FormPenjualan.FormLaporan.resources
C:\Users\faruq\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\faruq\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FormPenjualan\FormPenjualan\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
